Film every single hostage
including the doctor.
An hour will be enough, right?
I'll radio you once I'm done.
What about the proof?
I need to see my team leader first.
Your fiancé is safe, so don't worry.
It'll only take a minute.
I risked my life to get this.
You can't even allow me a minute?
All right, fine. I'll just give it to you.
In order to obtain this, a person is
dying in the interrogation room
of the ANSP.
So listen to it carefully.
I've brought this to you
because I think you're different
from Geum-cheol
who killed himself with cyanide.
Hey.
Shouldn't you at least give water
to Yeong-ro and Ms. Pi?
How long will you keep us tied up?
Comrade Kang wants to see you.
Tell her I'll radio the party first.
Lim Soo-ho.
We're rats in a trap!
Rats in a trap.
Did you forget about the agreement?
We agreed to killing all the spies
and saving the hostages. Right?
Did you forget about the agreement?
We agreed to killing all the spies.
Enemies are everywhere.
Those who have power
all thanks to their family name
have their guns pointed at me.
You're my last weapon
that I can kill them with.
Don't forget that.
If my father has been suspended…
Right.
That must be it.
It must have been someone else's decision.
There's no way my father would…
Ryesong River 1, can you hear me?
Ryesong River 1, loud and clear.
Any change in the location
of Mount Myohyang?
What were you doing?
I radioed the message about your cover
being blown and asked what to do about it.
But there was no reply,
so I was about to do it again.
It's an important matter,
so it must be taking them
quite a while to discuss.
Oh, right.
Does the party know
the ANSP director's daughter is here?
They do.